now I know what you think and you're
thinking Tom Deacon of what you were in
Bermuda mate well that is true I was
that was two weeks ago you know what
happened the pesky part of the annex
from comments below stole my slot so
guess what you get a whole month four
weeks of me on your screens I know
you're excited I'm pumped if pounds of
baby let's get amongst it it's the day
of the mls all-star game versus AS Roma
and i'm here with Sporting Kansas is
City training ground now there aren't
gonna be any less all-star players and I
know this is the signature series where
I've got to get their autographs but I'm
here because it's the mls all-star media
championship and that's right Tom Deacon
is representing for copper night year
I'm going to be out there taking on a 70
side team and winning it that is what
I'm going to do today because that's
what we do and yes we're going to play
football and yes I'm calling it that
America it's Tom Deacon that's how we
roll looks like real early
from Deacon copper ninety you are dark
blue okay brilliant thank you very much
I've stay trim I've trained hard and you
know what when in the MLS all-stars
media competition means everything to me
and these are all mine as well so thank
you very much guys I could take these
and give them out as souvenirs to my
friends and family I once my mom dad
that once my brother sister we got one
my girlfriend she could have that one
of course I'm goal for me that I would
it thank you very much
see the plate please tell me you got the
flick because that's about as good as it
gets did you get the flick yes it's hot
yeah they said this would be a holiday
they just said our time come to America
just get signatures you know I said yeah
cuz getting signatures easy just give
them something you go can you sign that
and they go yeah job done and now I
gotta play football with like well good
peeps in it diculous yeah
you got bought in Kansas City training
right here he's wicked he just got a
watching his x other people run whipped
a job easy job oh you need me faster me
do i yeah hello hello 10 11 10 barrier
son defender God they said about God
if it wasn't for the jet lag I be the
nvp most valid
hey Rock the final unbelievable hit a
prediction it for the Kami left knee jet
lag we're in the final two goals Radhika
I'm taken up merciless ago there was a
reflection but without my burst in
payson crossing 10 min ago and then I
bali running down their lovers needed
wicket am still blue for the third play
final how much I think I'm a big trophy
you
I was out there with this trophy joking
i'd want it and you own him the lady
want it over 9 now I'm well enough make
this is genuine sees my mom's gonna be
whoa crowd in it she was always say oh
you should do comedy instead of football
and I was always like mom you don't
believe in me yeah she was like you
should be presenting this when you good
at was like nah I want to be a
footballer I've showed that now yeah I'm
showdown mum yeah we shot everyone else
you doubted me yeah lemon ice all star
media game champion that's me they blew
me like at me over that crime
you'll see when you go there it says
welcome to blue hell oh that's what I'm
talking about Oh wake up boom oh oh no
way